Added text-shadow failure - Text has minimum contrast [afw4f7] (#2184)
auto-wcag/auto-wcag: _rules/text-contrast-afw4f7.md

<div role="button" style="color: #777; background: #EEE;">My button!</div>
```

#### Failed Example 11

> This black text has a contrast ratio between 4.11:1 and 4.17:1 on gray background with white text shadow on it.
> 
> ```html
> <p style="color: #000; background: #676767; text-shadow: white 0 0 40px">
> 	Some text in a human language
> </p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The grey text has a contrast between 2.7:1 and 2.9:1 against the grey text shadow.

```html
<p style="color: #666; text-shadow: #aaa 2px 2px 4px, #aaa -2px 2px 4px, #aaa 2px -2px 4px, #aaa -2px -2px 4px;">
    Some text in a human language
  </p>
```

Author: Adding the background CSS property as well, to prevent an element from having only a specified text color without a background
